
  DEVELOPER INFO FOR ISTAT
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 1. Prerequisites
 
 You will need GNU autoconf installed. Most Linux distributions include
 this in a package named "autoconf" or "autoconf-26" or similar. You will
 need at least version 2.61 of autoconf.
 
 You will also need libxml2. If your operating system has separate 'user'
 and 'developer' packages, you will need to install the 'developer' package.
 For example, on Ubuntu, you need to install 'libxml2-dev'. This package
 contains the header files and libraries used at compile-time.
 
 At present, iStat Server only builds and runs on Linux. Ports to other
 operating systems are planned!
 
 2. Preparing the source tree (Subversion check-outs only)
 
 If you've checked out the sources from the Subversion repository or have
 downloaded a snapshot, your source directory won't contain a 'configure'
 script and you will need to run 'autogen' to generate one. The autogen
 script invokes autoconf and automake, so you'll need those installed
 (autoconf should be verson 2.61 or above, and automake should be at
 least version 1.10).

 You might find that even though you have autoconf and automake installed,
 the programs that are installed aren't actually called 'autoconf' or
 'automake' (or the ones with those names are old versions). If this is
 the case, you should set the ACLOCAL110, AUTOHEADER26, AUTOCONF26 and
 AUTOMAKE110 environment variables to the names of the relevant programs
 on your system before running autogen.
 
 Check out the source tree if you haven't already:
 
 $ svn co http://istat.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ istat
 
 Change to the source directory, if you're not in it already:
 
 $ cd istat
 
 Generate config.h.in and configure from the configure.in template:
 
 $ sh autogen

 If you (or somebody else) makes changes to configure.in or any of the
 Makefile.am files, you will need to re-run the above command (making
 sure the above environment variables are still set if you needed them).

 3. Run the configure script
 
 For a default configuration, simply run the configure script in the
 source directory. This will perform tests on your build environment and
 generate a Makefile:
 
 $ ./configure
 
 By default, the configure script will generate a Makefile which installs
 files to /usr/local. You can change this with the --prefix option:
 
 $ ./configure --prefix=/opt/istat
 
 If you wish to have the configuration file, istat.conf, stored in /etc,
 then you can specify this location in the configure command:
 
 $ ./configure --sysconfdir=/etc
 
 The defaults should be fine for most users, and shouldn't conflict with
 packages supplied by your operating system vendor.
 
 4. Build it!
 
 $ make

 If successful, you should be left with an 'istatd' binary.
 
 5. Install it
 
 Generally, you will need to be an administrator user in order to install it.
 This varies between distributions, but typically you can install with:
 
 $ sudo make install
 
 If you want to prefix installation paths in order to install a staging 
 directory (for example, for packaging), set the DESTDIR variable:
 
 $ sudo make install DESTDIR=/tmp/istat-packaging
 
 6. Create a tarball
 
 To create a tarball, simply run 'make dist' after you've successfully
 configured your tree. This will create a .tar.gz file containing the
 sources ready for distribution. Note that the version number used in
 the filename will probably be the one after the last released version,
 as it gets set in preparation for the next future.
